# Online-Lease-Management-System-in-Kurdistan
This web system for Multi-Store tore building management the individuals who need to rent out units in their buildings to various Tenants. The fundamental point of building up this Lease Management System Project is to deal with their business utilizing our web application.  web application Requirements:  Make a Main page with following areas:   I. Include Building   ii. Include Flats   The board or Owner ought to have the option to include Buildings and their Flats in the System.   Include Building Section will enable clients to enter data concerning the Building for example Building Name, Address, and so on.   Add Flat Section permits to include Multiple Flats in a Building.   2. Make Lease Contract   The facilitator will add Tenants to the System.   The facilitator will make a Contract for Tenant for an empty Flat.   After the Contract is made, Coordinator will Submit it for endorsement. First Level endorsement will be Submitter's Manager.   When Contract is affirmed, email notice ought to be sent to the Tenant with Contract Details and Mark building's Flat as involved.   3. Search Contracts   Search page giving inquiry usefulness to following:   I. Looking through Contract's by Tenant   ii. Looking through Contract's by Building   4. Reports and Dashboards   Reports   I. All out Flats per Building   ii. All out Vacant Flats per Building   iii. All out Revenue Generated by Each Tenant per Building per Flat.   Dashboard   Make a dashboard which shows the following data:   I. All out Flats per Building   ii. All out Vacant Flats per Building   iii. All out Occupied Flats per Building   iv. All out Revenue Generated by Each Tenant per Building per Flat.   5. Clients of the System   Framework will be utilized by 2 kinds of client.   The executives or proprietor   I. The executives or proprietor will include structures and units.   ii. There will be only one Admin in the System.   iii. Proprietor will affirm the Contracts.   Organizer   I. Organizer will include Tenants data.   ii. Organizer will look for empty units.   iii. Facilitator will make Contracts and Submit it for endorsement.
